 This is a dictation of a medical report, please put that in the medical report, it's in bold at the top of the document. Sliced as reference in bold, capital A, C, C, slash 1, 2, 3, slash 9, 8, 7. Next line, in bold again, instructions from Joe blogs at solicitors. Next line, clients name, in bold, then Chris Smith. Address in bold on the next line. 1, light foot streets, that's L-I-G-H-T-F-O-O-T street, in the whole H-W-L-A-N-G-S-D. Data birthing bold, first of March 1965. Data accident in bold on the next line, 10th of February 2010. Data report on the next line in bold, c("ht", "Th", "t", "h", "the", "nth", "tho", "thy", "eh", "ts", "sh", "ti", "ta", "ah", "tn") of April 2010. Next line in bold, review of notes, NONE. Next line in bold, identification, NONE. Next line in bold, occupation, unemployed. First heading is accident in bold and aligned, on the afternoon of the 10th of February. Chris Smith was c("traveling", "travel ling", "travel-ling", "travailing", "graveling", "raveling", "traversing") from Chester to Birmingham in a four-fiesta visit with c("seat belts", "seat-belts", "heartbeats") and c("headrests", "headdress", "headrest", "headless", "addressees", "address") He was the front seat passenger full stop, without warning, camera, watch, stood suddenly in traffic, another vehicle impacted with the rear of the vehicle. He was c("traveling", "travel ling", "travel-ling", "travailing", "graveling", "raveling", "traversing") in and shunted him into the vehicle in front of full stop. Next paragraph, heading is in bold and aligned again, of movement of clients on impact. He suffered a forced flexion, a stroke extension movement to his neck and back without rotation, full stop. Next heading, bold and aligned again, immediate symptoms. Next line, he immediately had neck and back pain full stop. Next heading, chronological progression of physical symptoms. He went to Countess of Chester, accident in emergency department, and he was examined full stop. No extra he was taken full stop, a whip-lash type injury was diagnosed and he was discharged with advice full stop. New paragraph, the pain in his neck and back was severe for four weeks, comma, interferon with sleep and needing anglicisms Which then improved full stop. He had no physiotherapy full stop. Next heading, chronological progression of psychological symptoms. Bold and aligned again, that next line. There have been no psychological symptoms as a consequence of the accident. Next heading, bold and aligned again, current symptoms and treatment. He has pain in his neck on turning, his back pain is now resolved and had done so by the last week in March 2010 full stop. Next heading, bold and aligned again, past medical history. There is no past medical history of no full stop, no previous history of accident full stop. There was no history of stress disorder or depression, no history of muscular skeletal problems full stop. Next heading, bold and aligned, lost consequential to injury. He is only employed full stop, the accident effect, there is ability to go to the gym for one month full stop. Next heading, examination, bold and aligned. Next line, his amount of normal build with a normal gate. Next paragraph, examination of his upper limbs is normal. New paragraph, examination of his cervical spine shows a full range of movement actively and passively in all directions. There is no muscular tenderness full stop. New paragraph, reflection, extension of his lumbar c("sacra", "sacra l") spine is full. Straight leg raising is full, there is no spinal tenderness full stop. There were no other marks, comers, scarred or bruises and no inappropriate responses full stop. Next heading, summary and conclusions. As a result of road traffic accidents on the 10th of February 2010, Christmas, a standard c("wood lass", "wood-lass", "woodlands", "basswood") injury to his cervical spine and lower back spring. New paragraph, the injury sustained, I can't believe it. With the accident, the adverse feature associated with the accident was a double impact full stop. Next paragraph, as a consequence of the accident, he had severe pain in his neck and back for three weeks before improvement. His back pain is now resolved and had done by the last week of March. He still has a case on neck pain, on turning. New paragraph, psychologically, there has been no consequence to the accident. The accident had effected his ability to go to the gym for one month. Full stop, he was unemployed at the time, the accident full stop. New paragraph, examination shows that the movement of his c("circumspection", "circumspect") and upper lumbar c("sacra", "sacra l") spine is full and pain free. Actively and possibly in all directions. New head in prognosis, bold and c("sidelined", "sideline", "guideline", "decline") in my opinion and on the balance of our relative, a full physical recovery can be anticipated from the effects of the accident at a time within six months of the day to the accident. Full stop, if I base my opinion on the fact that recovery today has been satisfactory in the range of movements, a visceral spine and lumbar c("sacra", "sacra l") spine is full. New paragraph, in my opinion, there have been no long term implications for acceleration of the degeneration of his survival or lumbar c("sacra", "sacra l") spine. I have no further recommendations to make regarding further investigations, come as specialist opinions or treatments. The client, it's a good historian, full stop, is injuries, I can sustain with the accident full stop. New paragraph, the injury will have no long term effect on his future work, past, past, past, full stop. New heading, the bold and c("sidelined", "sideline", "guideline", "decline") review of medical records, this report has been compiled without access to his general practitioner notes. New paragraph, in my opinion, examination and notes are not required, as the client is a good reliable historian and injuries sustained are compatible with the accident described. New head in degeneration, bold and blunt. I'm a general practitioner and I've been a member of the Royal College of General Practitioners since 1984. I have been in general practice since 1982, a new paragraph, Christian Myth was seen by me on the c("ht", "Th", "t", "h", "the", "nth", "tho", "thy", "eh", "ts", "sh", "ti", "ta", "ah", "tn") of April 2010. The instruction was taken from Joe c("Blusterers", "Blusters", "Bolsters") for the purpose of the preparation of this medical legal opinion with the recurred accident on 10th of February 2010. The opinion was prepared with the benefits of a clinical interview and clinical examination. New paragraph, I understand my duty. The clause in his opinion has been compiled with the duty rule 35,10, brackets to, close, back, its full stop. I understand the experience duty is to help the court and matters within my expertise. I confirm, I confirm that I have made clear which facts and matters referred to in the report, out within my own knowledge on which are not full stop. Those that are within my own knowledge I confirm to be true, the opinions I have expressed represent my true and complete professional opinions on that the matters to which they refer to. New paragraph, I understand that my duty is expert witnesses to the court. I have compiled with that duty full stop. I complied with that duty full stop. The supporting includes all matters relevant to the issues on which my expert evidence is given full stop. I have given details in the report of any matters which might affect the validity of this report full stop. End of dictation.
